let's continue with jean guardo
We are seeing your account
supposedly to steal or bayern the
biographers
I do not get used to living in the
twitter social networks in general
where is your account, do not show up
I already am, I do not think I do not already
know as he says
the verb after this in this biography
of good you know me loop
clear as this one is already valuing the
hairy
as it has been for you five minutes under
the water or has lived well
AHA
It is a very large building that is in
russia barbarroja
It has been super nice all this time
share of knowing of discovering a
super entertaining person interesting
costumes in different different data
aspects because people do not know much
it comes a part of what they wanted
show actually I also saw what
same then I have been discovering these
attitudes and aptitudes of his person and me
I like it
and I like it
and the question
according to what he said what he said is
a set of civil buildings
religious
in the south of the square for the world
start with the tips in Russian hey have
where the family will arrive no longer the village
is not the family center goodbye to the
mom is on the other side but nobody has
final we do not have a house or not in panama
we have carlos we have where to get
we have
in the summer on the climate of Moscow
because we arrived but
he says maura cap take you high because
It is very cold
it's cold the heat does not heat up
so put me the goat we should know
the differences between a polo is
question in chile six verses clear a
tropical celebrated its great trafficker
Brazilian tropical and a cold and Nordic
Russian that comes leaving headquarters too
of dialogue love because he lives in
argentina a mixture is that a mixture
He also has a lot from the Latin thing
but these years
in argentina the Russian thing for example
that the fall of Russian I believe in addition I
I think that personality and character
things about that is like half german
how to know ordered things are like this
they are from a line there is no how technician is
very good is very good
then it's like super reliable if you
says something does it at the time it is
committed today arrives happens any
thing if it arrives as it is as well and
so we have attacked with the schedules
there is no commitment not to lock each
two but always patient gave their
8 words when
I hate that Chileans find that they are
very faithful Chileans and Latinos in
not Chileans and what they read
of many friends who are pololeando
then months I do not understand and viewings
looking right it 's clear that you
they tell things that show them with
make sure you are seeing the reality
not but for example from the computer if
you do not have because suddenly that
any one needs then
look I think that one has to place
some time you need to review the
bills
the fundamental link space in each
one has its space but square that
you have to get the other thing what
was really if one does not have anything
what to hide really because Andrei
with and it is the duty to know him
mine is mine and yours is mine but
clear certain times certainly when
it suits us is sometimes a clear one can
have all the confidence is the super faithful
but there are things that go out of context and
one can suddenly check without
understand the pound of madrid where the
problem
looking for things
against the messages
one thing that also matters the origin
let's say because the hip movement
I do not know I do not know to whom everywhere as
camps to dance
with a lot of listening movement and the
Russian is who I am and half
he is a hip hop dancer and the gymnast
so
and hip hop dancer and singer joss
gymnastics after the gymnast in
Argentina
it's called gymnast
Today we are just talking about Cristián
arriagada you saw where
yes, I have seen what it is that they have
suddenly happened in the commercial